c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll.config
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Configuration.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Data.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Enterprise.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Events.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Framework.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Web.WebControls.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.XForms.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\ninibozmen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Blocks.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Cms.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Framework.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Optimizations.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Statistics.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.UI.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.xml
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Cms.xml
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\EPiServer.Find.Framework.xml
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll.config
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.dll
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll.config
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.dll
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
C:\Users\ninibozmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NinibOzmen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll.config
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.dll
\\Mac\Home\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BbmUnderlakare\BbmUnderlakare\obj\Debug\BbmUnderlakare.pdb
